DOCSP-45339 Update Oracle migration prerequisites (#188)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/includes/fact-data-prep-oracle-step1.rst

service account to connect to Relational Migrator with 
the appropriate permissions.

.. tip::

   To migrate data from a multi-tenant container database, use a `Common

>    User

Reviewer: Not sure how deep we want to go into this, but there are more steps before creating a common user that aren't obvious- [creating tablespaces](https://oracle-base.com/articles/12c/multitenant-manage-users-and-privileges-for-cdb-and-pdb-12cr1>) in the CDB and the PDB's.

Author: The referenced article mentions that "The DEFAULT TABLESPACE, TEMPORARY TABLESPACE, QUOTA and PROFILE must all reference objects that exist in all containers," so how exhaustively do we want to cover the concept on our side? Documenting other products is a slippery slope.

At minimum, I updated the link text to "create tablespaces and a Common User"

Reviewer: I'm happy with that, thanks Nick. Agreed that we shouldn't describe every step in detail, especially since we expect that users will view other documentation in conjunction with ours.

   <https://oracle-base.com/articles/12c/multitenant-manage-users-and-privileges-for-cdb-and-pdb-12cr1>`__.

> 

Reviewer 2: [question] Why is this a one-step procedure? Shouldn't each substep here just be a step?

Author: This is an artifact of removing nested procedures. Since it's the same include used for both snapshot and continuous jobs, the include explicitly uses an ordered list so that it renders as substeps for the longer procedure.

Reviewer 2: Ahhh, got it. Ok!

a. Create a service account:

   .. code-block:: sql
      :copyable: true

      CREATE USER '<user>'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY '<password>';

> #. Check if the service account owns the tables in the migration job.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Confirm that the service account owns the tables in the migration job.
```

   Required permissions depend on whether the service account owns the tables

>    used in the migration job. To check table ownership run the following query:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   used in the migration job. To check table ownership, run the following query:
```

      WHERE TABLE_NAME ='<table_name>'
      ORDER BY OWNER, TABLE_NAME;

#. Grant permissions to the service account.

   .. important::
      
      If you're migrating a multi-tenant container database as a

>       common user, append ``CONTAINER=ALL`` when granting permissions, for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      common user, append ``CONTAINER=ALL`` when granting permissions. For
```
